we're in the time courtyard today to
look at the pond we haven't seen the
pond yet this year on any of the
backyard farmer segments so we're going
to look at the pond and see how well
it's doing this year for 2013 in the
spring we went ahead and drained the
pond like we normally do and cleaned off
all the old debris and stuff that had
accumulated over the winter with the
leaves that had fallen in we went ahead
and did that then we were again seeing
issues with the algae bloom blooms
throughout the summer we did some
investigation and we actually found a
electronic meter that's going to release
specific metal ions into the water
that's going to kill the algae and
hopefully benefit and keep this our
water clean it's we've had it in place
for about four weeks now we're seeing
great improvement on the algae that was
actually already in there there's no
algae blooming on it blooms on any of
the Falls we're very excited about that
we can see the bottom again and we
haven't had to remove any algae blooms
huge algae blooms at all in the past
four weeks
this electronic meter is safe for plants
it's safe for fish and it's also safe
for our three turtles that live in our
pond
we got a newt we got the third turtle
this spring so we actually have three
Turtles we're really enjoying watching
them move out in the pond and throughout
the whole garden we're also really
enjoying all the plants throughout the
pond and in and around the pond that
cattails are looking great this year we
have actually the cranberry crush
hibiscus blooming right now it's
gorgeous Husker red we've seen at least
fifty blooms on it throughout the
growing season right now and it's been
blooming for about three weeks and we
anticipate for at least another three
weeks so it should take us right up to
football season so we're really excited
about that Husker red color that we have
in the pond so our 2013 pond is really
looking good this year and we're really
excited about the plants that are in and
around the pond and making
upon looks really nice and we're really
excited about our new electronic meter
that's going to help keep our algae
under control so if you're on campus
please stop by and check out our pond in
the chyme courtyard